Expand DoS content, and fix key mismatch error in the text (#201)
tfpauly/draft-pauly-adaptive-dns-privacy: draft-pauly-dprive-oblivious-doh.md

Targets that receive a Query message Q decrypt and process it as follows:

1. Look up the `ObliviousDoHConfigContents` according to `Q.key_id`. If no such key exists,

> the Target MAY discard the query, and if so, it MUST return a 401 (Client Error) response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Target MAY discard the query, and if so, it MUST return a 401 (Unauthorized) response
```
